README.md, before:

# Getting Started with Create React App

This project was bootstrapped with [Create React App](https://github.com/facebook/create-react-app), using the [Redux](https://redux.js.org/) and [Redux Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) TS template.

## Available Scripts

In the project directory, you can run:

### `npm start`

Runs the app in the development mode.\
Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) to view it in the browser.

The page will reload if you make edits.\
You will also see any lint errors in the console.

### `npm test`

Launches the test runner in the interactive watch mode.\
See the section about [running tests](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/running-tests) for more information.

### `npm run build`

Builds the app for production to the `build` folder.\
It correctly bundles React in production mode and optimizes the build for the best performance.

The build is minified and the filenames include the hashes.\
Your app is ready to be deployed!

See the section about [deployment](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/deployment) for more information.

### `npm run eject`

**Note: this is a one-way operation. Once you `eject`, you can’t go back!**

If you aren’t satisfied with the build tool and configuration choices, you can `eject` at any time. This command will remove the single build dependency from your project.

Instead, it will copy all the configuration files and the transitive dependencies (webpack, Babel, ESLint, etc) right into your project so you have full control over them. All of the commands except `eject` will still work, but they will point to the copied scripts so you can tweak them. At this point you’re on your own.

You don’t have to ever use `eject`. The curated feature set is suitable for small and middle deployments, and you shouldn’t feel obligated to use this feature. However we understand that this tool wouldn’t be useful if you couldn’t customize it when you are ready for it.

## Learn More

You can learn more in the [Create React App documentation](https://facebook.github.io/create-react-app/docs/getting-started).

To learn React, check out the [React documentation](https://reactjs.org/).

Commit message:

Readme updated / Deployed with vercel

README.md, after:

# Frontend Mentor - Multi-step form solution

This is a solution to the [Multi-step form challenge on Frontend Mentor](https://www.frontendmentor.io/challenges/multistep-form-YVAnSdqQBJ). Frontend Mentor challenges help you improve your coding skills by building realistic projects.

## Overview

### The challenge

Users should be able to:

- Complete each step of the sequence
- See a summary of their selections on the final step and confirm their order
- View the optimal layout for the interface depending on their device's screen size
- See hover and focus states for all interactive elements on the page

### Screenshot

![](./screenshot.png)

### Links

- Live Site URL: [https://multi-step-form-woad.vercel.app/](https://multi-step-form-woad.vercel.app/)

## My process

### Built with

- CSS custom properties
- Flexbox
- Mobile-first workflow
- [React](https://reactjs.org/) - JS library
- [Vercel](https://vercel.com/) - React framework
- [Tailwind CSS](https://tailwindcss.com/) - For styles

### Useful resources

- [Formik](https://www.formik.org) - This helped me with the forms.
- [React Router](https://reactrouter.com/en/main) - This was useful to render just the page I needed without much effort needed.
- [Redux-Toolkit](https://redux-toolkit.js.org/) - This helped me to handle the state of the forms trought each step.

## Author

- Frontend Mentor - [@JaacielBriseo](https://www.frontendmentor.io/profile/JaacielBriseo)
